meta/6-a-1.md, before:

---
data_non_statistical: false
goal_meta_link: https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/metadata/files/Metadata-06-0A-01.pdf
goal_meta_link_text: United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Metadata (PDF 398
  KB)
graph_title: global_indicators.6-a-1-title
graph_type: line
indicator_number: 6.a.1
indicator_definition: The amount of water and sanitation-related Official Development
  Assistance (ODA) is a quantifiable measurement as a proxy for “international cooperation
  and capacity development support” in financial terms. It is essential to be able
  to assess ODA in proportion with how much of it is included in the government budget
  to gain a better understanding of whether donors are aligned with national governments
  while highlighting total water and sanitation ODA disbursements to developing countries
  over time.
indicator_name: global_indicators.6-a-1-title
indicator_sort_order: 06-aa-01
published: true
reporting_status: notstarted
sdg_goal: '6'
target_name: global_targets.6-a-title
target_id: 6.a
un_custodian_agency: World Health Organization (WHO) United Nations Environment Programme
  (UNEP) Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)
un_designated_tier: '1'
---

Commit message:

Replacing the meta data - first 99 or 244
Upto and including 8-3-1.md

meta/6-a-1.md, after:

---
data_non_statistical: false
data_show_map: true
goal_meta_link: https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/metadata/files/Metadata-06-0A-01.pdf
goal_meta_link_text: United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Metadata (PDF 398
  KB)
graph_title: ''
graph_type: line
indicator: 6.a.1
indicator_definition: "The amount of water and sanitation-related Official Development\
  \ Assistance (ODA) is a quantifiable measurement as a proxy for \u201Cinternational\
  \ cooperation and capacity development support\u201D in financial terms. It is essential\
  \ to be able to assess ODA in proportion with how much of it is included in the\
  \ government budget to gain a better understanding of whether donors are aligned\
  \ with national governments while highlighting total water and sanitation ODA disbursements\
  \ to developing countries over time."
indicator_name: Amount of water- and sanitation-related official development assistance
  that is part of a government-coordinated spending plan
layout: indicator
permalink: /6-a-1/
published: true
reporting_status: notapplicable
sdg_goal: '6'
source_active_1: true
source_active_2: false
source_active_3: false
source_active_4: false
source_active_5: false
source_active_6: false
target: By 2030, expand international cooperation and capacity-building support to
  developing countries in water- and sanitation-related activities and programmes,
  including water harvesting, desalination, water efficiency, wastewater treatment,
  recycling and reuse technologies
target_id: 6.a
title: Amount of water- and sanitation-related official development assistance that
  is part of a government-coordinated spending plan
un_custodian_agency: World Health Organization (WHO) United Nations Environment Programme
  (UNEP) Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)
un_designated_tier: '1'
indicator_sort_order: 06-aa-01
---
